great success for the concert of alberto fortis is that for the second
time he returned to perform in the piazza loggia brescia in the exceptional setting
from the living room of Brescia a public of special occasions filled the square
he has since the first evening to attend the more than two hours of concert that he is
continued until after midnight a night full of music and passion
comfort ischia retraces historical passages of his career accompanied by
great successes in the fresh evening of Brescia also many guests
have accompanied fortis is on stage including silvera directly from x factor
then and rolando giambelli with his guitar the cantata from Brescia betty
vittori and for the grand finale marco ferradini and the daughter charlotte terra un
choir on September notes among the public also in many young people
rediscovery of copyright music organized by leonardo pedrazzani
rolando giambelli the concert was an event given to the city
by the municipal and provincial administration of brescia that together with the
sponsors could guarantee free access to viewers we wanted
I in particular the southern Italy soft drinks section and myself how to install the
wasted Youth
we had cheese was a great friend alberto fortis
ps if there are no other cities he is ambassador of our city
the municipal administration sensitive in the figure of the heir the councilor to
cairo and the councilor will respectively send the marketing culture
urban
very motivated by the fact that they want
search for files make all possible ways for porters to get people into
center to enjoy
in the living room with the city
and councilor silvia razzi and for the province of brescia tel is sensitive
participant in the sponsorship
of the devolved event
in an intense way to organize an evening like this and between the organizers but
even among the guests who played on the stage in piazza loggia I too
rolando giambelli is an incredible emotion to say of odorous alberto de
wall of friendship of the ancient
freedom is also a finger, be it besides being an Italian translator
her
but it is me tonight I will rol great honor and pleasure to play with him a
piece of harmonics an in strawberry in infinite that is a mound the most beautiful pieces that
alberto recorded sudo because it is dedicated to john lennon for which
fragoleinfinite strawberry fields forever I would say that there is a connection
remarkable
and for which we are here to support his concert we have or done that year
last
several times we have involved him with great pleasure in this
time to win a big square filled with a fantastic package is a concert
unforgettable
not to forget the younger bands of the Brescia public among the
guests who came on stage together with Alberto Fortis
even the very young silver great escape is 2 years ago I am
Santana almost returned
geral I remember how it was today was there before
and now nothing is comforting real sex however samsung android is called
eheh 800 strong sum in was December was a john lennon bibit russian teeth
central always
was a john lennon deejay strong srm retro satan canav col col final
together with the plan
and then he did until six o'clock in the middle of the day and after that if I died
the service will be another opportunity
ringo concert service will rightly be complained about proposal for
say they are personal brescia has seen in person
and your zones are very low here in Bergamo, castor clear up
then courier bresciano
eheh and so or so I am sure that I am coming
tell me everything 18 if you did the phone tests
he was a member of the ventimiglia party
I was rg ronchi to the film akira we have some phone evidence of the song that
what we will do tonight is to say never
and what the two of us are going to do that really got really happy because then
anyway
stronghold see 10 I really knew
from the ears as clearly as everyone and now that they have possibility list of
sing a beatles together is like him, but parma is really 1
lorenzo mai finally we really feel he is the protagonist of the evening in the piazza
alberto portici second consecutive year that we do this thing of this splendid
frame and this year
the planned all-renewed now is also with the big echelon band
Announcements
for which the voice of Brescia betty vittori that we know each other blow
We have been working for a long time
parma city with which I have many friends I want to thank all the current
people the authority that wanted this concert to thank formentera
holland giambelli friend especially in this case leonardo
pedrazzani that has been made diseases the air elos plates to get to
this sky and now we have a double album in tulle, of course
ugly
starace like the whole project man who is taking a good time when
there is a musical dragusanu attinie all Italian york my musical theater